EAPPS-445 - Add a doc page for Edge Functions (#841)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/edge-functions.md

| `request`                       | Object          | Represents the incoming request                                                                                                               |                                                                                                          |
| `context`                       | Object          | A read-only object providing additional information about the request and your environment                                                    |                                                                                                          |
| `context.client`                | Key-value store | The client's network information                                                                                                              | `virt_` variables in [Feature Variables](/guides/performance/rules/feature_variables)                    |

> | `context.device`                | Key-value store | The client's device capabilities                                                                                                              | `wurlf_` variables in [Feature Variables](/guides/performance/rules/feature_variables)                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `context.device`                | Key-value store | The client's device capabilities                                                                                                              | `wurfl_` variables in [Feature Variables](/guides/performance/rules/feature_variables)                   |
```

> | `context.environmentVars`       | Key-value store | Environment variables as defined in the {{ PRODUCT }} console under the Property -> Environment -> Environment Variables section              | [Environment Variables](/guides/basics/environments#environment-variables)                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `context.environmentVars`       | Key-value store | Environment variables as defined in the {{ PORTAL }} (*Property* -> **Environments** -> *Environment* --> **Environment Variables**)               | [Environment Variables](/guides/basics/environments#environment-variables)                               |
```

| `context.geo`                   | Key-value store | The client's geo location                                                                                                                     | `geo_` variables in [Feature Variables](/guides/performance/rules/feature_variables)                     |

> | `context.metrics`               | Object          | Provides functions for injecting metrics into your edge function                                                                              | [Access Logs](guides/logs/access_logs)                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `context.metrics`               | Object          | Provides functions for injecting metrics into your edge function                                                                              | [Access Logs](/guides/logs/access_logs)                                                                   |
```

> | `context.origins`               | Key-value store | Origin servers as defined in the {{ PRODUCT }} console under the Property -> Environment -> Origins section (or the `{{ CONFIG_FILE }}` file) | [Origin Configuration](/guides/basics/hostnames_and_origins#origin)                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `context.origins`               | Key-value store | Origin servers as defined in the {{ PORTAL }} (*Property* -> *Environment* -> **Origins**) or the `{{ CONFIG_FILE }}` file | [Origin Configuration](/guides/basics/hostnames_and_origins#origin)                                      |
```
